Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Valeria arrived at the police station
with a heavy heart.
She's got to find her brother soon.
She approached the front desk and said,
Hello! How was your day?
I'm here because I was called to check
several bodies to see if any belonged to
my missing brother, David
.
The officer at the desk nodded and leads
her to the room with the bodies that
arrived today.
Valeria searches for David's body, trying
to find any resemblance to David.
She had examined several bodies when the
officer directed her to another room
where the bodies that arrived some time
ago were kept.
Come with me, the bodies are kept in
another room, he said.
As they walked towards that room, Valeria
unexpectedly ran into Daniel, an old
schoolmate who was now a dean.
Hi there!
What's up?
She asked, surprised to see him there.
Daniel, clearly caught off guard,
responded evasively.
Oh, um, I'm here for some, um, some,
administrative tasks, he said quickly.
What do you do now?
Are you still a high school teacher?
He added, trying to change the subject.
Valeria looked at him with curiosity.
Yes, but I need your help.
I'm here because my brother is missing.
Do you know something?
She asked.
Daniel hesitated before saying, Um, of
course I don't know.
Are you still single?
Yes, but the word still sounds rude.
Said Valeria.
Oh, sorry.
What time is it?
Daniel asked.
Twelve o 'clock, why?
I think I'll go now, said Daniel, and
without waiting for more questions, he
left the room.
Valeria entered the second room and
continued her search.
The bodies were examined by Valeria
, but unfortunately, she did not find
David's body.
Disheartened, she exited the morgue and
saw Daniel standing outside, waiting for her.
I've been waiting for you.
Daniel said.
I'd like to invite you out for a coffee
or something.
Valeria gave Daniel a puzzled look and replied.
You're strange.
As Valeria left the morgue, she noticed
that there were several people standing
in front of the building, waiting for news.
There are a lot of people here.
She thought.
She realized that most of them were also
waiting for information about their loved ones.
Valeria decided not to hang out with
Daniel later.
In the meantime, she needed to make sure
she got some rest.
She hoped that tomorrow would be a lucky day.